gh-140938: Raise ValueError for infinite inputs to stdev/pstdev (#141531)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2025-11-13-14-51-30.gh-issue-140938.kXsHHv.rst

> The ``statistics.stdev`` and ``statistics.pstdev`` function now raise a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The :func:`statistics.stdev` and :func:`statistics.pstdev` functions now raise a
```

> ``ValueError`` when the input contains an infinity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:exc:`ValueError` when the input contains an infinity or a NaN.
```
